[MUSIC PLAYING]
Chrome 48 allows users
to take immediate action
on notifications
with custom buttons.
The new developer
tools security panel
makes it easier to debug
mixed content issues
and ensure your site is
properly served over HTTPS.
And you can now add presentation
mode to mobile apps,
easily casting content
to a second screen.
These are just some
of them new features
for developers in Chrome 48.
Let's dive in and see
what's new in Chrome.
Until recently, reengaging
with users of your website
has been a challenge,
often involving bulk email.
But browser-based
notifications changes that,
allowing you to send users
timely, relevant notifications,
for example, letting
them know that tickets
to their favorite
band are on sale
or about a new chat message.
In Chrome 48 you can
now add custom buttons
to notifications, enabling users
to complete the task entirely
within the notification.
Imagine that previous
example, a notification
that tickets to
your favorite band
just went on sale with
a "Buy Now" button.
To add buttons to
your notifications,
add an array of actions,
including a title and action
ID to the notification
info object.
If the user clicks on
one of the actions,
that information is passed in
the notification click event.
Be sure to provide
buttons that are specific
and allow users to quickly
respond to the notification.
And make sure that they're
different from the default
action.
Peter [? Beverloo ?] has a cool
sample you can try at the URL
below.
We all expect sites that deal
with our personal information
to be served over HTTPS.
It's just standard practice.
As we start to build
apps that take advantage
of powerful features,
like Service Worker,
it's simple a requirement.
Some APIs that we've used
for years without HTTPS,
like geolocation
or device motion,
may require secure
connections in the future.
HTTPS helps to protect
the integrity of our apps
and our users' information.
There's a new security
panel in developer tools
to help with this.
At a glance, it tells you
whether the page is secure
or not and can help you
diagnose HTTPS issues.
It shows information about
the certificate, the protocol
and cipher, and the status
of all of the sub-resources.
To see how it works and
some of the different errors
it will help you debug,
open the new security panel
in developer tools, and
check out https://badssl.com.
How often have you gathered a
group of friends or coworkers
around your phone to show them
the latest meme, or work video,
or something?
Wouldn't it be awesome
to be able to send it
to a second, larger screen,
directly from your phone?
Chrome 48 on Android now allows
sites to present to Google Cast
devices, using the
standard space presentation
API and the Cast Web SDK.
The presentation API allows you
to leverage a second display,
while using your mobile
device as the controller,
not only to move
between slides or choose
which video plays next, but
as a game controller or input
device.
Imagine a racing game that
uses your phone as the steering
wheel or an interactive
tutorial to help students
improve their math skills.
There are some other cool
new features in Chrome 48,
like network
information.downloadmax,
which provides the maximum
bandwidth of a device.
One use case-- warn users
about a large transfer
on cellular networks
that might eat up
their allotted bandwidth.
And there's the
new get.all methods
that simplify bulk
index DB interactions.
These are just some of the
new features in Chrome 48
for developers.
Be sure to check out
the description below
to get links to more
details and learn about some
of the other new features.
If you haven't
already, subscribe
to our Chrome Developers
YouTube channel
to stay up to date
with the latest news.
I'm Pete LePage, and as soon
as Chrome 49 is released,
I'll be right here to tell
you what's new in Chrome.
[MUSIC PLAYING]